hey guys what's up its ijevin and I
decided to make one more video it's not
I could not help myself anyways guys a
cool feature now that you can do with
minecraft is when you start a new world
you can choose hardcore mode so we'll go
ahead and delete this new world it's
useless will click create new world and
then when you go to game mode you can
either click hardcore survival or
creative we will be starting a let's
play in hardcore because I've always
wanted to do something like that i'm
sorry if you like the season 3 world i
don't know if i'll keep it or not but
coming up very soon there will be a
let's play for this hardcore world
anyways guys when you do start this
world in hardcore once the world loads
you can make backup so if you do die you
can replay but as soon as you die the
world is gone and asked you to delete
your world so we'll go ahead and just
jump in the ocean real fast actually we
could probably jump down this mountain
and be fine oh yeah well maybe if we run
and jump I think we'll be okay I do love
the endless jumping now I like it's my
favorite thing ever one more second
there we go so we are at the top now
let's see if we can't get a running
start at this bad boy a live off the
side here that's perfect yeah
oh of course i would get water okay
we're just going to drown ourselves but
anyways guys basically what i forgot
that we will die eventually but once you
die the screen will pop up it'll tell
you a score that's for like monsters
killed and things like that and let's
just make sure sounds good k um say it's
gonna get loud really fast um basically
what happens it's going to tell you you
have to bully your world there there is
no respawning see your score 0 you
cannot respond in hardcore mode delete
your world so go back to single player
angel roll is no longer there so we are
definitely doing it let's play for that
anyways guys if you did find this
helpful don't forget to leave a rating
333 likes is the challenge anyways guys
this is I javed peace